[docs] Rewrite the docs for diff (#4006)
Ericsson/codechecker: docs/web/diff.md

* Show outstanding reports that disappeared from first analysis to the next (via `--resolved`): 
  ```sh
  CodeChecker cmd diff --basename ./test_report_dir --newname ./test_report_dir_src_suppressed/ --resolved
  ```
  Expected output:
  ```
  ----==== Checker Statistics ====----
  --------------------------------------------------
  Checker name        | Severity | Number of reports
  --------------------------------------------------
  core.DivideZero     | HIGH     |                 1
  deadcode.DeadStores | LOW      |                 1
  --------------------------------------------------
  ----=================----
  ```
* Show outstanding reports that remained from first analysis to the next (via `--unresolved`): 
  ```sh
  CodeChecker cmd diff --basename ./test_report_dir --newname ./test_report_dir_src_suppressed/ --unresolved
  ```
  Expected output (no checkers are seen):
  ```
  ----======== Summary ========----
  ---------------------------------------------
  Number of processed analyzer result files | 0
  Number of analyzer reports                | 0
  ---------------------------------------------
  ----=================----
  ```

## Review status rules and diffs

> Similarly to source code suppressions, you can set the review status of reports [on the GUI](../..//web/server/vue-cli/src/assets/userguide/userguide.md#review-status) as well, which will create a review status rule. Unlike source code suppressions, review status rules set the review status for _all reports_ matching that rule, _regardless_ whether the rule was created before or after the report was stored. Because these rules are stored on the server, **they play no part in local-local diffs as of yet**.

Author: I didn't want to dedicate yet another section to this, but I did add this link to the docs.

### Setup
Let's assume you have the following C++ code:

```cpp
// example.cpp

int foo(int z)
{
  if (z == 0)
    return 1 / z; // report by core.DivideZero

  return 0;
}

int bar(int x)
{
  int y;
  y = x % 2; // report by deadcode.DeadStores

  return x % 2;
}
```
Lets use CodeChecker to analyze this file:
```sh
CodeChecker check -o ./test_report_dir -b "g++ example.cpp -c"
# Alternatively:
CodeChecker log -o compile_command.json -b "g++ example.cpp -c"
CodeChecker analyze -o ./test_report_dir compile_command.json
```
Using the `parse` command we can see that CodeChecker found and stored
2 reports in `./test_report_dir` (showing only a part of the output):
```sh
CodeChecker parse ./test_report_dir
```
```
----==== Checker Statistics ====----
--------------------------------------------------
Checker name        | Severity | Number of reports
--------------------------------------------------
core.DivideZero     | HIGH     |                 1
deadcode.DeadStores | LOW      |                 1
--------------------------------------------------
----=================----
```

> :warning: Note: For the sake of simplictiy, we only enabled the Clang Static Analyzer on these analyses using the `--analyzers=clangsa` flag. We chose omit this flag from our examples. Your actual results may also be different depending on the version of your clang binary.

Author: The idea was that I'd like to keep these invocations as lean as possible, but still with a managable number of results. So I cheated, used a flag that I later omitted from the examples, which is something I'll likely get away with, but on the off chance somebody does actually try these out, I left this note.

I would strongly not to adjust all invocations to accomodate `--analyzers=clangsa` because it'd be a distractraction.

    ```sh
    CodeChecker cmd diff --basename "Test Run" --newname "Test Run Updated" --unresolved
    ```
  * Remote-local or local-remote diff:
    ```sh
    CodeChecker cmd diff --basename "Test Run" --newname ./test_report_dir_updated/ --unresolved
    CodeChecker cmd diff --basename ./test_report_dir --newname "Test Run Updated" --unresolved
    ```
  Expected output:
  ```sh
  CodeChecker cmd diff --basename ./test_report_dir --newname ./test_report_dir_updated/ --unresolved
  ```
  ```
  ----==== Checker Statistics ====----
  --------------------------------------------------
  Checker name        | Severity | Number of reports
  --------------------------------------------------
  deadcode.DeadStores | LOW      |                 1
  --------------------------------------------------
  ----=================----
  ```

### Using the web GUI

Select "Test Run" to be in the "baseline" set by clicking on the left radio button on the right hand side. Select "Test Run Updated" to be in the "newline" set by clicking on the other one. Click on "DIFF" in the upper right corner.

![image](https://github.com/Szelethus/codechecker/assets/23276031/75490051-86df-419d-998a-ec89942faca1)

> In the middle of the image, we can see the list of oustadning reports that appeared from the baseline to the newline. In the bottom left corner, by clicking on the cogwheel next to "Diff type", you can change diff type:

Reviewer: The steps of the operation could be highlighted on the GUI images, e.g. with a square or an arrow.

  ```sh
  CodeChecker cmd diff --basename ./test_report_dir --newname ./test_report_dir_src_suppressed/ --unresolved
  ```
  Expected output (no checkers are seen):
  ```
  ----======== Summary ========----
  ---------------------------------------------
  Number of processed analyzer result files | 0
  Number of analyzer reports                | 0
  ---------------------------------------------
  ----=================----
  ```

## Review status rules and diffs

Similarly to source code suppressions, you can set the review status of reports [on the GUI](../..//web/server/vue-cli/src/assets/userguide/userguide.md#review-status) as well, which will create a review status rule. Unlike source code suppressions, review status rules set the review status for _all reports_ matching that rule, _regardless_ whether the rule was created before or after the report was stored. Because these rules are stored on the server, **they play no part in local-local diffs as of yet**.

:warning: Note: Review status rules act differently when runs are compared as opposed to when tags or dates are compared (see [below](#diff-on-tags-or-timestamps)).

> :warning: Note: If you are trying out with these examples, keep in mind that review status rules are _not_ deleted even if _all reports that it matches_ (by removing some or all runs in a given product) are. You will need to click on "Configuration" in the upper right corner, select "Review Status Rules", where these rules can be removed.

Reviewer: Adding an image of this config might make it more understandable for the users.

Author: There are pictures in the already linked dics in the same section. You can argue whether the pictures are good enough there, but at least its something :^)

### Example: Setup

Create `example.cpp` the same way as the previous examples:

```cpp
// example.cpp

int foo(int z)
{
  if (z == 0)
    return 1 / z; // report by core.DivideZero

  return 0;
}

int bar(int x)
{
  int y;
  y = x % 2; // report by deadcode.DeadStores

  return x % 2;
}
```
Analyze and store it to a running CodeChecker server:
```sh
CodeChecker check -o ./test_report_dir -b "g++ example.cpp -c"
CodeChecker store -n "Test Run" ./test_report_dir
```

Now, navigate to the the web GUI, and create review status rules. Click on "Test Run".

![image](https://github.com/Szelethus/codechecker/assets/23276031/c308038d-466f-453c-ad41-e69cb789ff4d)

Click on the first report, emitted by `deadcode.DeadStores`.

![image](https://github.com/Szelethus/codechecker/assets/23276031/1e6c47d6-d9f6-44c9-a770-08108ed53a04)

Set its review status to false positive.

> ![image](https://github.com/Szelethus/codechecker/assets/23276031/d642a5aa-17f3-4566-856f-a54bd37b20d8)

Reviewer: I think when this picture was taken, the brightness adjustment patch remained in the cache, just like the other pictures where you can see the error bubble.

# Comparing analysis results (Diff)

## Introduction
In CodeChecker you may compare analysis results either in the command line or in the web UI. With this tool, you can express _pull request analysis_ (did my pull request introduce/fix any bugs?), and _branch history analysis_ (did a change on my branch introduce/fix any bugs?). This document describes different use-cases for how locally stored analysis results, as well as remotely stored analysis results can be compared, and how other components of CodeChecker (source-code suppressions, review status rules, tags) affect the result of this set.

> From the outlook, diff sounds like a very simple feature (and it is!), but it also a powerful tool that allows CodeChecker, among other things, to be used as a gating tool. For this reason, you can express rather complicated querries with it using various filters -- this documents intends to help to understand the expected behaviour of diff in these cases as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the outlook, diff sounds like a very simple feature (and it is!), but it also a powerful tool that allows CodeChecker, among other things, to be used as a gating tool. For this reason, you can express rather complicated queries with it using various filters -- this document intends to help to understand the expected behavior of diff in these cases as well.
```

Author: Behaviour is brittish english.

## How diffs work

> The term "diff" means the comparison of the outstanding reports in a "before" (_baseline_) and an "after" (_new_ or newline) analysis sets, and display the differences in between them the in the same 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The term "diff" means the comparison of the outstanding reports in a "before" (_baseline_) and an "after" (_new_ or newline) analysis sets, and the display of differences between them in the same 
```
